hello everyone crystal cassia here
that's the Dino wines bottle but we're
not going to die no mines today today
we're gonna do something that we've been
waiting for for a while a couple of
weeks now and it is finally about to
happen here is moneybags look at all the
things he's done to us money bags is a
complete prick and now I slowly walk to
him if I could get past my swaggy dark
Spyro I won't be needing any more of
your money now now don't look so
surprised
I found one of the dragon eggs and I'm
going to sell it for a fortune back in a
velar oh why are you looking at me like
that I i I've got to be going now
toodles oh my God look at him he's gonna
sell a dragon egg I mean this prick who
does he think he is food money bags
really regret we've started a list of
businessmen dare I say a politician in
the a velar realms only to be disgraced
and you know head down to down to the
Forgotten Realms so know how his fat ass
it through and then look that all of a
sudden probably professor yet built the
portal probably stole it and then look
all of a sudden you know now he's doing
all this she's kidding easy no he's he's
soliciting you know like animals and
stuff to become a haiku look at that
spooky swamp reference and it's ow
the afh 0:13 there he is in all his
glory and so yeah it's interesting he
runs he looki runs here Loki what are
you trying to do mate like Crystal
islands like that is that is not that is
not booty swamp my friend you know he's
just this bigger boy it's got no idea
what he's talking about and ya say that
little challenger you can either charge
or flame him
and you know you know it's get pretty
it's pretty easy it's pretty fun I must
say it is pretty fun it's a good reward
you get all the gems back that you
borrowed from him so if let's say we did
all the levels and we took more gems
from us would actually have less gems
and then would accumulate it back up at
this point so yeah because remember we
skipped we did the boss so we didn't
have to actually pay in this level or in
or in desert desert ruins so now it's
time to get some more remaining skill
points let's descend look at the Atlas
we haven't looked in near four pages
here's the Atlas you get the super bonus
world 91 percent we're gonna epilogue
open but we don't have we're not looking
at that yet so we've got no so they're
good we've got oh we actually did a
simple the Tiki heads oh so you got five
ten okay so we need one I think we need
one more in the second world I believe
that's what it is like what I come what
it is is a bamboo dislike and bamboo
pterosaur I left have a look and then
one actually frozen oh it's never been
before wait then it's one wait okay so
haunted tomb and two and I know mine is
that that's all the skill points if you
have to unlock two of them we're getting
the next part and then the next part
we'll get haunted tomb so actually
there's no skill points to do but yeah
and look the epilogue that isn't that's
incredible I personally believe it's
just it's absolutely awesome there you
can't skip to a level you haven't been
to yet just let you know but you know
for example if I were to go to some
level farm to go these ones you can by
pressing square C yep there we go so we
got to still got two levels remaining
I'm really trying to milk this so it
doesn't end I I really I love spyro 3 I
love playing it and all that stuff so
yeah alright continue so once again
another part yet another part we get to
enjoy midnight mountain
Beauty Ellis dark passage ESCA reverse
sky mountain thing one of the he'll look
at like it's a gonna diagonal sled thing
anyway guys thank you very much for
watching it has been a pleasure and I
shall see you in the next part when we
end up this time properly no fake outs
this time go to done in mine
sorry I had to what make you wait
another three or so days but it's gonna
be worth diamond mines is gonna be this
movie class thank you for watching see
you the next part